6.6 Blue-Eyed Island: A bunch of people are living on an island, when a visitor
comes with a strange order: all blue-eyed people must leave the island as soon
as possible. There will be a flight out at 8:00 pm every evening. Each person
can see everyone else's eye color, but they do not know their own (nor is
anyone allowed to tell them). Additionally, they do not know how many people
have blue eyes, although they do know that a least one person does. How many
days will it take the blue-eyed people to leave?

There is a least one blue-eyed person. And only blue-eyed people should leave.

If there's only one blue-eyed person, he/she will discover no other people took
the plane, so he/she is the only one blue-eyed person, and others will see one
blue-eyed person, so they will not leave. 

If there're two blue-eyed people, they both see one blue-eyed person, so they
won't leave on the first night. Then they will see each other the next day, so
they know they are the two blue-eyed people, and leave. All others will see two
blue-eyed people, so they will not leave.

If there're three blue-eyed people, they see two other blue-eyed people, so
they won't leave on the first night. Then in the next day they will see the
other two blue-eyed people again.  If the other two blue-eyed people leave that
day, then it means that the observer is not blue-eyed. Otherwise, the observer
is blue-eyed.  So they will leave the next day.

If there're more blue-eyed people (n >= 3), blue-eyed people see m (m = n-1)
blue-eyed people, m > 2, non blue-eyed people see n blue-eyed people, n > 3. If
m = 3, then no observer will leave. On the forth day, the observer discover
that m blue-eyed people are still there, he/she must be blue-eyed. So he will
leave the next day.

So for n blue-eyed people, it takes n days to leave. The observe n-1 days, then
all leave on the nth day.
